Great price also!	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
Very disappointing.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Works as described.	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
The reception is excellent!	1
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
awesome device.	1
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
Excellent product.	1
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
cool phone.	1
This PDA rocks.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
worthless product.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Piece of Junk.	0
Works well.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I am glad I purchased it.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Freezes frequently4.	0
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Does not fit.	0
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good product, good seller.	1
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Setup went very smoothly.	1
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
I am more than happy with this product.	1
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
Great choice!	1
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
THey are so cool!	1
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Works good.	1
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Worst ever.	0
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	0
I could not recommend these more.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
Defective crap.	0
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Low Quality.	0
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
disappointed.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Works great!.	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Good Quality.	1
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
dont buy it.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
So just beware.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
very good product, well made.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
Cumbersome design.	0
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
Sending it back.	0
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
Very happy with this product.	1
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
Crisp and Clear.	1
Worked perfectly!	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
It has all the features I want	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
And I just love the colors!	1
Very satisifed with that.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Absolutel junk.	0
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
This is a great deal.	1
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
Works for me.	1
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
Poor Reliability.	0
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Happy so far!.	1
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
This fixes all the problems.	1
That company is a joke.	0
Great product and price.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Don't waste your money!.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Great product for the price!.	1
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
Lousy product.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
You'll love how thin it is.	1
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
We are sending it back.	0
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
BT50 battery junk!.	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I was not impressed by this product.	0
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
It is a joy to use.	1
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
Beautiful styling though.	1
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
Good product - incredible value.	1
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
Great Hands Free Device.	1
Does Not Work.	0
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Bad Quality.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Does not fit.	0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Worked great!.	1
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Don't buy this product.	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
I love this thing!	1
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
It was horrible!.	0
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
Poor quality.	0
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
Reversible plug works great.	1
You won't regret it!	1
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
The design is very good.4.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Great case and price!	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Gets the job done.	1
What a waste of money and time!.	0
Really good product.	1
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
Absolutely great.	1
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
good item, low price.	1
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Works great.	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
The best phone in market :).	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Love this product.	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
Great price, too!	1
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
nice leather.	1
Portable and it works.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
very disappointed.	0
Good price.	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
Excellent!.	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
Will order from them again!	1
The reception has been generally good.	1
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Buttons are too small.	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
For the price this was a great deal.	1
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
Krussel Always good.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
Basically the service was very bad.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Excellent Phone.	1
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
I highly recommend this case.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
This is a great little item.	1
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Was not happy.	0
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Phone falls out easily.	0
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Price is good too.	1
Excellent sound quality.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
Better than expected.	1
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
However I needed some better instructions.	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
What a waste of time!	0
This case seems well made.	1
fast service.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
Battery has no life.	0
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
Great Value.	1
Has been working great.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
Terrible phone holder.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
REALLY UGLY.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
Comfort for our whole family.	1
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
I love this phone!.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
!I definitly recommend!!	1
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
Works great.	1
Poor Construction.	0
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
Great Phone.	1
Worth every penny.	1
Works great!.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
Not worth it.	0
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
It was a great phone.	1
I Was Hoping for More.	0
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
Great Phone.	1
I great reception all the time.	1
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Its reception is very very poor.	0
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
No real improvement.	0
Kind of flops around.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
I'm returning them.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
Incredible!.	1
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
These are fabulous!	1
Great Earpiece.	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Fantastic earphones.	1
Great phone!.	1
Made very sturdy.	1
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
Best headset ever!!!.	1
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
A pretty good product.	1
Great Product.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
Very easy to use.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
Couldn't figure it out	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
Easy to use.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
I love this device.	1
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
Its a total package.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Love This Phone.	1
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
great...no problems at all!.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
Having trouble with volume.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Waste of money.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Warning - Stay away.	0
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
Customer service was terrible.	0
The delivery was on time.	1
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
poor quality and service.	0
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
Very prompt service.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Great sound and service.	1
Great phone.	1
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
Love it.. Great armband.	1
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
What a big waste of time.	0
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
It also had a new problem.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Used and dirty.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
Just does not work.	0
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
Good , works fine.	1
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The mic is great.	1
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Better Than New.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
So Far So Good!.	1
Very good quality though	1
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
Works fine.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
Excellent product for the price.	1
Its not user friendly.	0
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
It was a waste of my money.	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
Very pleased with this headset.	1
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
Love this headset!	1
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
It looks very nice.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
Doesn't do the job.	0
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
Great audio!.	1
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
Just what I wanted.	1
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  	1
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
Not recommended.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
Excellent short film.  	1
Great movie!  	1
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
This is an extraordinary film.  	1
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
Not recommended.  	0
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  	0
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  	0
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
This game rocks.  	1
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
Everything stinks.  	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
But this movie really got to me.  	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	1
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	0
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	1
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
I rather enjoyed it.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
It is a true classic.  	1
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
Totally believable.  	1
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
I paid too much.  	0
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  	0
You wont regret it!  	1
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
A standout scene.  	1
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
Give this one a look.  	1
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
So bad.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
Awful.  	0
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Hated it.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
& That movie was bad.  	0
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
Really bad.  	0
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
It is shameful.  	0
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Really awful.  	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	0
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
You won't forget this movie!  	1
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	1
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
The transfers are very good.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Don't miss it.  	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	1
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
The least said about the acting the better.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
The script iswas there a script?  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
I really liked that.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
Again, lame.  	0
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
A good film by a great director!  	1
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  	0
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
is pretty funny.  	1
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
I enjoyed it.  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
The cast is good.  	1
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
It was so BORING!  	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
The acting sucked.  	0
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	1
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
It was horrendous.  	0
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
Not even good for camp value!  	0
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
A great film by a great director.  	1
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  	1
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
Exceptionally bad!  	0
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Waste your money on this game.  	1
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
It's just painful!  	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
Avoid at all costs.  	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The acting was bad.  	0
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	0
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Go rent it.  	1
But it's just not funny.  	0
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
See it.  	1
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
"You'll love it!  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
It just blew.  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
This is not movie-making.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
It Was So Cool.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
The film is way too long.  	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
The poor actors.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
Go watch it!  	1
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
Omit watching this.  	0
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
Do not waste your time.  	0
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Wasted two hours.  	0
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  	0
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
Horrible!  	0
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
I liked it.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	0
the cast was great.  	1
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
He was terrible!	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
Left very frustrated.	0
I will not return.	0
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
Interesting decor.	1
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
We'll never go again.	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
The food, amazing.	1
The management is rude.	0
Check it out.	1
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
Never going back.	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
I was so insulted.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
I waited and waited.	0
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Service was very prompt.	1
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
The food was very good.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
Good Service-check!	1
An absolute must visit!	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
No complaints!	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
It was not good.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
Weird vibe from owners.	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
Nothing special.	0
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
Service stinks here!	0
It was delicious!!!	1
Won't go back.	0
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Very good, though!	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I *heart* this place.	1
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
This is a disgrace.	0
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
Reasonably priced also!	1
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
Service sucks.	0
Awesome selection of beer.	1
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The selection of food was not the best.	0
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
But the service was beyond bad.	0
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Great food.	1
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
Over rated.	0
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
Very friendly staff.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
did not like at all.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
Will go back next trip out.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
Terrible management.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
Soggy and not good.	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
Disappointing experience.	0
This was like the final blow!	0
The food is good.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
The warm beer didn't help.	0
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
Food was really boring.	0
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
Will never, ever go back.	0
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
I'm super pissd.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
Avoid at all cost!	0
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
And it was way to expensive.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
For service, I give them no stars.	0
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
Food was delicious!	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I'd love to go back.	1
I was seated immediately.	1
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Extremely Tasty!	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
I LOVED it!	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Will be back again!	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
What a mistake.	0
Ambience is perfect.	1
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
I consider this theft.	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
Their chow mein is so good!	1
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
Love the margaritas, too!	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
A great way to finish a great.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
-My order was not correct.	0
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
Nice ambiance.	1
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
Pretty cool I would say.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
We won't be going back.	0
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
I never come again.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
Would not go back.	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
Good food , good service .	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
A good time!	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The ambiance was incredible.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
This place deserves no stars.	0
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
I've never been treated so bad.	0
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
So absolutley fantastic.	1
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
I won't be back.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
I love this place.	1
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
I was mortified.	0
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
Great service and food.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
Both great!	1
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
They dropped more than the ball.	0
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The only downside is the service.	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
But then they came back cold.	0
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
I will be back many times soon.	1
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
Mediocre food.	0
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Service was fantastic.	1
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
And service was super friendly.	1
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Will not be back.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
I wouldn't return.	0
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
Damn good steak.	1
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
We loved the place.	1
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
After two I felt disgusting.	0
We will not be coming back.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
Service is also cute.	1
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
This place is amazing!	1
Food was average at best.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
But I don't like it.	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
This place lacked style!!	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
The food was terrible.	0
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
The service was meh.	0
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
They have great dinners.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
Appetite instantly gone.	0
DELICIOUS!!	1
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
this place is good.	1
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
This place is disgusting!	0
I love this place.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
They know how to make them here.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
Very poor service.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Don't do it!!!!	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
I think not again	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The staff was very attentive.	1
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
How awesome is that.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
We won't be returning.	0
Food arrived quickly!	1
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Food was below average.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
Not my thing.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
Good prices.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
The fries were great too.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
Waitress was good though!	1
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
Total brunch fail.	0
Fantastic service here.	1
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
I'm not eating here!	0
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1